target,text
ham,Double eviction this week - Spiral and Michael and good riddance to them!
spam,You have won a guaranteed å£200 award or even å£1000 cashto claim UR award call free on 08000407165 (18+) 2 stop getstop on 88222 PHP
ham,Raviyog Peripherals bhayandar east
ham,"As usual..iam fine, happy &amp; doing well..:)"
ham,"Aight, let me know when you're gonna be around usf"
ham,Oh that was a forwarded message. I thought you send that to me
ham,Your brother is a genius
ham,"Love isn't a decision, it's a feeling. If we could decide who to love, then, life would be much simpler, but then less magical"
ham,Will you be here for food
spam,"complimentary 4 STAR Ibiza Holiday or å£10,000 cash needs your URGENT collection. 09066364349 NOW from Landline not to lose out! Box434SK38WP150PPM18+"
ham,Good. No swimsuit allowed :)
ham,U definitely need a module from e humanities dis sem izzit? U wan 2 take other modules 1st?
ham,K go and sleep well. Take rest:-).
ham,"No, its true..k,Do u knw dis no. &lt;#&gt; ?"
ham,My stomach has been thru so much trauma I swear I just can't eat. I better lose weight.
ham,Hello which the site to download songs its urgent pls
ham,Ok. I.ll do you right later.
ham,To day class is there are no class.
spam,Great NEW Offer - DOUBLE Mins & DOUBLE Txt on best Orange tariffs AND get latest camera phones 4 FREE! Call MobileUpd8 free on 08000839402 NOW! or 2stoptxt T&Cs
ham,Have you got Xmas radio times. If not i will get it now
ham,Mmm so yummy babe ... Nice jolt to the suzy
ham,"Nah, Wednesday. When should I bring the mini cheetos bag over?"
ham,"Got fujitsu, ibm, hp, toshiba... Got a lot of model how to say..."
spam,"I want some cock! My hubby's away, I need a real man 2 satisfy me. Txt WIFE to 89938 for no strings action. (Txt STOP 2 end, txt rec å£1.50ea. OTBox 731 LA1 7WS. )"
spam,"U can WIN å£100 of Music Gift Vouchers every week starting NOW Txt the word DRAW to 87066 TsCs www.ldew.com SkillGame,1Winaweek, age16.150ppermessSubscription"
ham,K.k:)advance happy pongal.
ham,Hows the street where the end of library walk is?
ham,"Urgh, coach hot, smells of chip fat! Thanks again, especially for the duvet (not a predictive text word)."
ham,Does daddy have a bb now.
ham,Onum ela pa. Normal than.
spam,"In The Simpsons Movie released in July 2007 name the band that died at the start of the film? A-Green Day, B-Blue Day, C-Red Day. (Send A, B or C)"
ham,"\Aww you must be nearly dead!Well Jez isComing over toDo some workAnd that whillTake forever!\"""""
ham,Hey pple...$700 or $900 for 5 nights...Excellent location wif breakfast hamper!!!
spam,"Hello from Orange. For 1 month's free access to games, news and sport, plus 10 free texts and 20 photo messages, reply YES. Terms apply: www.orange.co.uk/ow"
ham,What pa tell me.. I went to bath:-)
ham,LMAO where's your fish memory when I need it?
ham,Imagine Life WITHOUT ME... see.. How fast u are searching me?Don't worry.. l'm always there To disturb U.. Goodnoon..:)
ham,Y dun cut too short leh. U dun like ah? She failed. She's quite sad.
ham,LOL that would be awesome payback.
ham,Just glad to be talking to you.
ham,I want to tell you how bad I feel that basically the only times I text you lately are when I need drugs
ham,Not sure I have the stomach for it ...
ham,"Yo, you at jp and hungry like a mofo?"
ham,She's fine. Sends her greetings
spam,Ur HMV Quiz cash-balance is currently å£500 - to maximize ur cash-in now send HMV1 to 86688 only 150p/msg
ham,Arun can u transfr me d amt
ham,Lmao. Take a pic and send it to me.
ham,"Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: \Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it..\"" GOOD NIGHT"""
ham,In which place do you want da.
ham,"Ah, well that confuses things, doesn‰Û÷t it?"
ham,"Yes, princess. Are you going to make me moan?"
ham,Never y lei... I v lazy... Got wat? Dat day Ì_ send me da url cant work one...
ham,All sounds good. Fingers . Makes it difficult to type
ham,Well at this right I'm gonna have to get up and check today's steam sales/pee so text me when you want me to come get you
ham,Please tell me not all of my car keys are in your purse
ham,It's justbeen overa week since we broke up and already our brains are going to mush!
ham,"The sign of maturity is not when we start saying big things.. But actually it is, when we start understanding small things... *HAVE A NICE EVENING* BSLVYL"
ham,I always chat with you. In fact i need money can you raise me?
ham,Hi..i got the money da:)
ham,Waiting in e car 4 my mum lor. U leh? Reach home already?
ham,It certainly puts things into perspective when something like this happens
ham,Life style garments account no please.
ham,Yo sorry was in the shower sup
ham,Thanx 4 sending me home...
ham,I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham,We have to pick rayan macleran there.
spam,Free entry in 2 a weekly comp for a chance to win an ipod. Txt POD to 80182 to get entry (std txt rate) T&C's apply 08452810073 for details 18+
spam,You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive å£1000 or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810910p/min (18+) 
ham,"Yo, you around? Just got my car back"
spam,"Congrats! 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09063458130 now! videochat wid your mates, play java games, Dload polyPH music, noline rentl."
ham,I don't run away frm u... I walk slowly &amp; it kills me that u don't care enough to stop me...
spam,"Welcome to Select, an O2 service with added benefits. You can now call our specially trained advisors FREE from your mobile by dialling 402."
ham,Finish already... Yar they keep saying i mushy... I so embarrassed ok...
ham,Mark works tomorrow. He gets out at 5. His work is by your house so he can meet u afterwards.
ham,Ee msg na poortiyagi odalebeku: Hanumanji 7 name 1-Hanuman 2-Bajarangabali 3-Maruti 4-Pavanaputra 5-Sankatmochan 6-Ramaduth 7-Mahaveer ee 7 name  &lt;#&gt;  janarige ivatte kalisidare next saturday olage ondu good news keluviri...! Maretare inde 1 dodda problum nalli siguviri idu matra  &lt;#&gt; % true.. Don't neglet.
ham,Smile in Pleasure Smile in Pain Smile when trouble pours like Rain Smile when sum1 Hurts U Smile becoz SOMEONE still Loves to see u Smiling!!
spam,"Get 3 Lions England tone, reply lionm 4 mono or lionp 4 poly. 4 more go 2 www.ringtones.co.uk, the original n best. Tones 3GBP network operator rates apply"
ham,Fine am simply sitting.
ham,Huh but i cant go 2 ur house empty handed right?
ham,Ok k..sry i knw 2 siva..tats y i askd..
ham,Yupz... I've oredi booked slots 4 my weekends liao... 
ham,"Yeah, we can probably swing by once my roommate finishes up with his girl"
ham,How much is torch in 9ja.
ham,"I'm not coming over, do whatever you want"
ham,Wrong phone! This phone! I answer this one but assume the other is people i don't well
ham,"I shall book chez jules for half eight, if that's ok with you?"
ham,"Hi, wlcome back, did wonder if you got eaten by a lion or something, nothing much"
ham,"Sir, Waiting for your mail."
ham,Get ready to put on your excellent sub face :)
ham,"My sister in law, hope you are having a great month. Just saying hey. Abiola"
ham,Me too! Have a lovely night xxx
ham,"\Hello-/@drivby-:0quit edrunk sorry iff pthis makes no senrd-dnot no how ^ dancce 2 drum n basq!ihave fun 2nhite x ros xxxxxxx\"""""
ham,* Will have two more cartons off u and is very pleased with shelves
ham,"Nothing really, just making sure everybody's up to speed"
ham,"Guy, no flash me now. If you go call me, call me. How madam. Take care oh."
ham,Today iZ Yellow rose day. If u love my frndship give me 1 misscall &amp; send this to ur frndZ &amp; See how many miss calls u get. If u get 6missed U marry ur Lover.
spam,500 free text msgs. Just text ok to 80488 and we'll credit your account
ham,I fetch yun or u fetch?
spam,Promotion Number: 8714714 - UR awarded a City Break and could WIN a å£200 Summer Shopping spree every WK. Txt STORE to 88039 . SkilGme. TsCs087147403231Winawk!Age16 å£1.50perWKsub
ham,"I get out of class in bsn in like  &lt;#&gt;  minutes, you know where advising is?"
spam,Congratulations ur awarded 500 of CD vouchers or 125gift guaranteed & Free entry 2 100 wkly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
ham,I wanted to ask Ì_ to wait 4 me to finish lect. Cos my lect finishes in an hour anyway.
ham,Thank god they are in bed!
ham,"Sir Goodmorning, Once free call me."
ham,I'm working technical support :)voice process.networking field.
ham,What not under standing.
ham,"Can meh? Thgt some will clash... Really ah, i dun mind... I dun seen to have lost any weight... Gee..."
ham,somewhere out there beneath the pale moon light someone think in of u some where out there where dreams come true... goodnite &amp; sweet dreams
ham,Sun ah... Thk mayb can if dun have anythin on... Thk have to book e lesson... E pilates is at orchard mrt u noe hor...  
spam,Get ur 1st RINGTONE FREE NOW! Reply to this msg with TONE. Gr8 TOP 20 tones to your phone every week just å£1.50 per wk 2 opt out send STOP 08452810071 16
spam,"FREE RING TONE just text \POLYS\"" to 87131. Then every week get a new tone. 0870737910216yrs only å£1.50/wk."""
ham,Got it. Seventeen pounds for seven hundred ml ‰ÛÒ hope ok.
spam,No. 1 Nokia Tone 4 ur mob every week! Just txt NOK to 87021. 1st Tone FREE ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply HL 4info
spam,UR awarded a City Break and could WIN a å£200 Summer Shopping spree every WK. Txt STORE to 88039.SkilGme.TsCs087147403231Winawk!Age16+å£1.50perWKsub
ham,I dont have any of your file in my bag..i was in work when you called me.i 'll tell you if i find anything in my room.
ham,My supervisor find 4 me one lor i thk his students. I havent ask her yet. Tell u aft i ask her.
ham,I'm done oredi...
ham,Yeah. I got a list with only u and Joanna if I'm feeling really anti social
ham,So what do you guys do.
spam,FREE UNLIMITED HARDCORE PORN direct 2 your mobile Txt PORN to 69200 & get FREE access for 24 hrs then chrgd@50p per day txt Stop 2exit. This msg is free
ham,"Science tells that chocolate will melt under the sunlight. Please don't walk under the sunlight. BCoz,I don't want to loss a sweet friend."
ham,Then i buy.
ham,TELL HER I SAID EAT SHIT.
ham,Aiyah then i wait lor. Then u entertain me. Hee...
ham,What Today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
ham,My sister cleared two round in birla soft yesterday.
ham,"Nt only for driving even for many reasons she is called BBD..thts it chikku, then hw abt dvg cold..heard tht vinobanagar violence hw is the condition..and hw ru ? Any problem?"
ham,Hey. For me there is no leave on friday. Wait i will ask my superior and tell you..
ham,Now? I'm going out 4 dinner soon..
ham,"OH RITE. WELL IM WITH MY BEST MATE PETE, WHO I WENT OUT WITH 4 A WEEK+ NOW WERE 2GEVA AGAIN. ITS BEEN LONGER THAN A WEEK."
spam,"Urgent! Please call 0906346330. Your ABTA complimentary 4* Spanish Holiday or å£10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs BOX 47 PO19 2EZ 150ppm 18+"
ham,Den wat will e schedule b lk on sun?
ham,"I wonder if your phone battery went dead ? I had to tell you, I love you babe"
ham,"Mmmmm ... I loved waking to your words this morning ! I miss you too, my Love. I hope your day goes well and you are happy. I wait for us to be together again"
ham,I guess it is useless calling u 4 something important.
spam,CLAIRE here am havin borin time & am now alone U wanna cum over 2nite? Chat now 09099725823 hope 2 C U Luv CLAIRE xx Callså£1/minmoremobsEMSPOBox45PO139WA
ham,"Will do, you gonna be at blake's all night? I might be able to get out of here a little early"
ham,Does uncle timi help in clearing cars
ham,All e best 4 ur driving tmr :-)
ham,"Haha, just what I was thinkin"
ham,U can call me now...
spam,"Urgent -call 09066649731from Landline. Your complimentary 4* Ibiza Holiday or å£10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO BOX 434 SK3 8WP 150ppm 18+"
spam,YOU ARE CHOSEN TO RECEIVE A å£350 AWARD! Pls call claim number 09066364311 to collect your award which you are selected to receive as a valued mobile customer.
ham,Full heat pa:-) i have applyed oil pa.
ham,"Hello, hello, hi lou sorry it took so long 2 reply- I left mobile at friends in Lancaster, just got it bak Neway im sorry I couldnåÕt make ur båÕday 2 hun!"
ham,Aiya we discuss later lar... Pick Ì_ up at 4 is it?
ham,Heart is empty without love.. Mind is empty without wisdom.. Eyes r empty without dreams &amp; Life is empty without frnds.. So Alwys Be In Touch. Good night &amp; sweet dreams
ham,If he started searching he will get job in few days.he have great potential and talent.
ham,You call times job today ok umma and ask them to speed up
ham,Msgs r not time pass.They silently say that I am thinking of U right now and also making U think of me at least 4 a moment. Gd nt.swt drms @Shesil
ham,Realy sorry-i don't recognise this number and am now confused :) who r u please?! 
ham,S:-)kallis wont play in first two odi:-)
ham,U dun say so early hor... U c already then say...
ham,How much are we getting?
ham,Ok
ham,"Hey, I missed you tm of last night as my phone was on the charge ... *smiles* ... I am meeting a friend shortly"
spam,"Today's Offer! Claim ur å£150 worth of discount vouchers! Text YES to 85023 now! SavaMob, member offers mobile! T Cs 08717898035. å£3.00 Sub. 16 . Unsub reply X"
ham,Nope... Juz off from work...
spam,Had your mobile 10 mths? Update to latest Orange camera/video phones for FREE. Save å£s with Free texts/weekend calls. Text YES for a callback orno to opt out
ham,Shall i send that exe to your mail id.
ham,Wish u many many returns of the day.. Happy birthday vikky..
spam,Ur ringtone service has changed! 25 Free credits! Go to club4mobiles.com to choose content now! Stop? txt CLUB STOP to 87070. 150p/wk Club4 PO Box1146 MK45 2WT
spam,FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt NOKIA to 87077 Get txting and tell ur mates. zed POBox 36504 W45WQ norm150p/tone 16+
ham,Hurry home u big butt. Hang up on your last caller if u have to. Food is done and I'm starving. Don't ask what I cooked.
ham,Wife.how she knew the time of murder exactly
ham,Mm umma ask vava also to come tell him can play later together
ham,S.this will increase the chance of winning.
ham,"Hi , where are you? We're at  and they're not keen to go out i kind of am but feel i shouldn't so can we go out tomo, don't mind do you?"
ham,I'm always on yahoo messenger now. Just send the message to me and i.ll get it you may have to send it in the mobile mode sha but i.ll get it. And will reply.
ham,"I'd say that's a good sign but, well, you know my track record at reading women"
spam,Congrats! Nokia 3650 video camera phone is your Call 09066382422 Calls cost 150ppm Ave call 3mins vary from mobiles 16+ Close 300603 post BCM4284 Ldn WC1N3XX
ham,"Aiyo... U always c our ex one... I dunno abt mei, she haven reply... First time u reply so fast... Y so lucky not workin huh, got bao by ur sugardad ah...gee.. "
spam,"Mila, age23, blonde, new in UK. I look sex with UK guys. if u like fun with me. Text MTALK to 69866.18 . 30pp/txt 1st 5free. å£1.50 increments. Help08718728876"
ham,So that takes away some money worries
ham,So no messages. Had food?
ham,Dad went out oredi... 
ham,Happy new year to u too!
ham,"Thanks da thangam, i feel very very happy dear. I also miss you da."
ham,"Isn't frnd a necesity in life? imagine urself witout a frnd.. hw'd u feel at ur colleg? wat'll u do wth ur cell? wat abt functions? thnk abt events espe'll cared, missed &amp; irritated u? 4wrd it to all those dear-loving frnds wthout whom u cant live.. I jst did it.. Takecare..:) GOODMORNING"
ham,Yes princess! I want to make you happy...
spam,Adult 18 Content Your video will be with you shortly
ham,"My fri ah... Okie lor,goin 4 my drivin den go shoppin after tt..."
ham,"Hello.How u doing?What u been up 2?When will u b moving out of the flat, cos I will need to arrange to pick up the lamp, etc. Take care. Hello caroline!"
ham,Oh great. I.ll disturb him more so that we can talk.
ham,Hi' Test on  &lt;#&gt; rd ....
ham,Carlos'll be here in a minute if you still need to buy
ham,get ready to moan and scream :)
ham,Ultimately tor motive tui achieve korli.
ham,Hi its me you are probably having too much fun to get this message but i thought id txt u cos im bored! and james has been farting at me all night
ham,First has she gained more than  &lt;#&gt; kg since she took in. Second has she done the blood sugar tests. If she has and its ok and her blood pressure is within normal limits then no worries
ham,Thought we could go out for dinner. I'll treat you! Seem ok?
spam,CALL 09090900040 & LISTEN TO EXTREME DIRTY LIVE CHAT GOING ON IN THE OFFICE RIGHT NOW TOTAL PRIVACY NO ONE KNOWS YOUR [sic] LISTENING 60P MIN 24/7MP 0870753331018+
ham,"Sorry, was in the bathroom, sup"
ham,Hey ! Don't forget ... You are MINE ... For ME ... My possession ... MY property ... MMM ... *childish smile* ...
ham,Oh k. . I will come tomorrow
ham,Oh k...i'm watching here:)
ham,How i noe... Did Ì_ specify da domain as nusstu... ÌÏ still in sch...
spam,Sorry! U can not unsubscribe yet. THE MOB offer package has a min term of 54 weeks> pls resubmit request after expiry. Reply THEMOB HELP 4 more info
ham,You available now? I'm like right around hillsborough &amp;  &lt;#&gt; th
ham,U know we watchin at lido?
ham,You've already got a flaky parent. It'snot supposed to be the child's job to support the parent...not until they're The Ride age anyway. I'm supposed to be there to support you. And now i've hurt you. unintentional. But hurt nonetheless.
ham,How much i gave to you. Morning.
ham,Yup i thk so until e shop closes lor.
ham,"Not really dude, have no friends i'm afraid :("
ham,I wish u were here. I feel so alone
ham,I can take you at like noon
ham,Dear how is chechi. Did you talk to her
spam,"This is the 2nd time we have tried to contact u. U have won the å£400 prize. 2 claim is easy, just call 087104711148 NOW! Only 10p per minute. BT-national-rate"
spam,FreeMsg Hi baby wow just got a new cam moby. Wanna C a hot pic? or Fancy a chat?Im w8in 4uTxt / rply CHAT to 82242 Hlp 08712317606 Msg150p 2rcv
ham,"Actually, my mobile is full of msg. And i m doing a work online, where i need to send them  &lt;#&gt;  sent msg i wil explain u later."
ham,"What are you doing in langport? Sorry, but I'll probably be in bed by 9pm. It sucks being ill at xmas! When do you and go2sri lanka? "
ham,"Sir, I need AXIS BANK account no and bank address."
ham,Ok enjoy . R u there in home.
ham,"K, can I pick up another 8th when you're done?"
ham,And you! Will expect you whenever you text! Hope all goes well tomo 
spam,You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive å£1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810810
ham,"Good afternoon sexy buns! How goes the job search ? I wake and you are my first thought as always, my love. I wish your fine and happy and know I adore you!"
ham,I did. One slice and one breadstick. Lol
ham,I love u 2 my little pocy bell I am sorry but I love u
ham,Gudnite....tc...practice going on
ham,Dont gimme that lip caveboy
ham,Ok. C u then.
ham,Reckon need to be in town by eightish to walk from * carpark.
ham,"Okey doke. I'm at home, but not dressed cos laying around ill! Speak to you later bout times and stuff. "
ham,Mm have some kanji dont eat anything heavy ok
ham,Two teams waiting for some players
ham,I think i am disturbing her da
ham,"Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da."
ham,And also I've sorta blown him off a couple times recently so id rather not text him out of the blue looking for weed
ham,"Dunno, my dad said he coming home 2 bring us out 4 lunch. Yup i go w u lor. I call u when i reach school lor..."
ham,Watching telugu movie..wat abt u?
ham,Still work going on:)it is very small house.
ham,"It's cool, let me know before it kicks off around  &lt;#&gt; , I'll be out and about all day"
ham,cud u tell ppl im gona b a bit l8 cos 2 buses hav gon past cos they were full & im still waitin 4 1. Pete x
ham,"Did I forget to tell you ? I want you , I need you, I crave you ... But most of all ... I love you my sweet Arabian steed ... Mmmmmm ... Yummy"
spam,"Double Mins & 1000 txts on Orange tariffs. Latest Motorola, SonyEricsson & Nokia with Bluetooth FREE! Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/HF8"
spam,"Urgent UR awarded a complimentary trip to EuroDisinc Trav, Aco&Entry41 Or å£1000. To claim txt DIS to 87121 18+6*å£1.50(moreFrmMob. ShrAcomOrSglSuplt)10, LS1 3AJ"
ham,I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Sorry i cant take your call right now. It so happens that there r 2waxsto do wat you want. She can come and ill get her medical insurance. And she'll be able to deliver and have basic care. I'm currently shopping for the right medical insurance for her. So just give me til friday morning. Thats when i.ll see the major person that can guide me to the right insurance.
ham,Who's there say hi to our drugdealer
ham,You know my old Dom I told you about yesterday ? His name is Roger? He got in touch with me last night and wants me to meet him today at 2 pm
ham,"Sorry im getting up now, feel really bad- totally rejected that kinda me thing."
spam,This message is free. Welcome to the new & improved Sex & Dogging club! To unsubscribe from this service reply STOP. msgs@150p 18+only
spam,8007 25p 4 Alfie Moon's Children in Need song on ur mob. Tell ur m8s. Txt TONE CHARITY to 8007 for nokias or POLY CHARITY for polys :zed 08701417012 profit 2 charity 
ham,Can Ì_ send me a copy of da report?
ham,True. Its easier with her here.
ham,Good afternoon my boytoy. How goes that walking here and there day ? Did you get that police abstract? Are you still out and about? I wake and miss you babe
ham,Haven't heard anything and he's not answering my texts so I'm guessing he flaked. That said the jb is fantastic
ham,Dhoni have luck to win some big title.so we will win:)
ham,"I guess that's why you re worried. You must know that there's a way the body repairs itself. And i'm quite sure you shouldn't worry. We'll take it slow. First the tests, they will guide when your ovulation is then just relax. Nothing you've said is a reason to worry but i.ll keep on followin you up."
ham,Infact happy new year. How are you where are you when are we seeing
ham,"Usf I guess, might as well take 1 car"
ham,R u meeting da ge at nite tmr?
ham,HI ITS JESS I DONT KNOW IF YOU ARE AT WORK BUT CALL ME WHEN U CAN IM AT HOME ALL EVE. XXX
ham,Hey! Congrats 2u2. id luv 2 but ive had 2 go home!
ham,Still otside le..u come 2morrow maga..
ham,I'm in office now . I will call you  &lt;#&gt;  min:)
ham,Check mail.i have mailed varma and kept copy to you regarding membership.take care.insha allah.
spam,Call Germany for only 1 pence per minute! Call from a fixed line via access number 0844 861 85 85. No prepayment. Direct access! www.telediscount.co.uk
ham,I'm leaving my house now.
spam,Bloomberg -Message center +447797706009 Why wait? Apply for your future http://careers. bloomberg.com
ham,I will cme i want to go to hos 2morow. After that i wil cme. This what i got from her dear what to do. She didnt say any time
ham,"In case you wake up wondering where I am, I forgot I have to take care of something for grandma today, should be done before the parade"
ham,Thats cool. Where should i cum? On you or in you? :)
ham,Guess he wants alone time. We could just show up and watch when they do..
ham,Tomorrow i am not going to theatre. . . So i can come wherever u call me. . . Tell me where and when to come tomorrow
ham,I thought slide is enough.
ham,Hello madam how are you ?
spam,"To review and KEEP the fantastic Nokia N-Gage game deck with Club Nokia, go 2 www.cnupdates.com/newsletter. unsubscribe from alerts reply with the word OUT"
ham,I only haf msn. It's yijue@hotmail.com
ham,\HI BABE UAWAKE?FEELLIKW SHIT.JUSTFOUND OUT VIA ALETTER THATMUM GOTMARRIED 4thNOV.BEHIND OURBACKS åÐ FUCKINNICE!SELFISH
ham,We are pleased to inform that your application for Airtel Broadband is processed successfully. Your installation will happen within 3 days.
ham,"Good afternoon sunshine! How dawns that day ? Are we refreshed and happy to be alive? Do we breathe in the air and smile ? I think of you, my love ... As always"
ham,MAKE SURE ALEX KNOWS HIS BIRTHDAY IS OVER IN FIFTEEN MINUTES AS FAR AS YOU'RE CONCERNED
spam,"Free msg. Sorry, a service you ordered from 81303 could not be delivered as you do not have sufficient credit. Please top up to receive the service."
spam,URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded with a å£2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09058094454 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only
ham,"Do you know why god created gap between your fingers..? So that, One who is made for you comes &amp; fills those gaps by holding your hand with LOVE..!"
ham,I'm hungry buy smth home...
ham,Hi did u decide wot 2 get 4 his bday if not ill prob jus get him a voucher frm virgin or sumfing 
ham,Umma my life and vava umma love you lot dear
ham,Ya it came a while ago
ham,Then she dun believe wat?
ham,"\Hi missed your Call and my mumHas beendropping red wine all over theplace! what is your adress?\"""""
ham,Sending you greetings of joy and happiness. Do have a gr8 evening
ham,I'm in school now n i'll be in da lab doing some stuff give me a call when Ì_ r done.
ham,There are many company. Tell me the language.
ham,Alright. I'm out--have a good night!
ham,\HEY BABE! FAR 2 SPUN-OUT 2 SPK AT DA MO... DEAD 2 DA WRLD. BEEN SLEEPING ON DA SOFA ALL DAY
ham,Nice.nice.how is it working?
spam,Filthy stories and GIRLS waiting for your
ham,Oops my phone died and I didn't even know. Yeah I like it better.
ham,Now get step 2 outta the way. Congrats again.
ham,I wont do anything de.
ham,Not to worry. I'm sure you'll get it.
ham,Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
ham,At 4. Let's go to bill millers
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Ok... Then r we meeting later?
ham,"Well the general price is  &lt;#&gt; /oz, let me know if/when/how much you want"
ham,Tomarrow i want to got to court. At  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . So you come to bus stand at 9.
spam,Todays Voda numbers ending 1225 are selected to receive a å£50award. If you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 3100 standard rates app 
ham,What time you think you'll have it? Need to know when I should be near campus
spam,Sunshine Quiz! Win a super Sony DVD recorder if you canname the capital of Australia? Text MQUIZ to 82277. B
ham,"Babe ! How goes that day ? What are you doing ? Where are you ? I sip my cappuccino and think of you, my love ... I send a kiss to you from across the sea"
ham,"Cool, text me when you're parked"
ham,Was gr8 to see that message. So when r u leaving? Congrats dear. What school and wat r ur plans.
ham,HOW ARE U? I HAVE MISSED U! I HAVENT BEEN UP 2 MUCH A BIT BORED WITH THE HOLIDAY WANT 2 GO BAK 2 COLLEGE! SAD ISNT IT?xx
ham,Midnight at the earliest
ham,"Good evening Sir, Al Salam Wahleykkum.sharing a happy news.By the grace of God, i got an offer from Tayseer,TISSCO and i joined.Hope you are fine.Inshah Allah,meet you sometime.Rakhesh,visitor from India."
ham,Its ok my arm is feeling weak cuz i got a shot so we can go another time
ham,No need to ke qi... ÌÏ too bored izzit y suddenly thk of this...
ham,Hi i won't b ard 4 christmas. But do enjoy n merry x'mas.
ham,Going to join tomorrow.
ham,Get me out of this dump heap. My mom decided to come to lowes. BORING.
ham,Yes when is the appt again?
ham,I wish! I don't think its gonna snow that much. But it will be more than those flurries we usually get that melt before they hit the ground. Eek! We haven't had snow since &lt;#&gt; before I was even born!
ham,No de. But call me after some time. Ill tell you k
spam,YOU ARE CHOSEN TO RECEIVE A å£350 AWARD! Pls call claim number 09066364311 to collect your award which you are selected to receive as a valued mobile customer.
ham,It should take about  &lt;#&gt;  min
ham,"Fuuuuck I need to stop sleepin, sup"
ham,Call him and say you not coming today ok and tell them not to fool me like this ok
ham,Do you still have the grinder?
ham,"Sad story of a Man - Last week was my b'day. My Wife did'nt wish me. My Parents forgot n so did my Kids . I went to work. Even my Colleagues did not wish. As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there. She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife, My Parents, My Kidz, My Friends n My Colleagues. All screaming.. SURPRISE !! and I was waiting on the sofa.. ... ..... ' NAKED...!"
ham,Ok not a problem will get them a taxi. C ing  tomorrow and tuesday. On tuesday think we r all going to the cinema. 
ham,"I have 2 sleeping bags, 1 blanket and paper and  phone details. Anything else?"
ham,The message sent is askin for  &lt;#&gt; dollars. Shoul i pay  &lt;#&gt;  or  &lt;#&gt; ?
ham,Or u ask they all if next sat can a not. If all of them can make it then i'm ok lor.
ham,I've been barred from all B and Q stores for life!?This twat in orange dungerees came up to me and asked if I wanted decking? So I got the first punch in!!
ham,Doing my masters. When will you buy a bb cos i have for sale and how's bf
ham,Hahaha..use your brain dear
ham,I want to tel u one thing u should not mistake me k THIS IS THE MESSAGE THAT YOU SENT:)
ham,ZOE IT JUST HIT ME 2 IM FUCKING SHITIN MYSELF IL DEFO TRY MY HARDEST 2 CUM 2MOROW LUV U MILLIONS LEKDOG
ham,I like to think there's always the possibility of being in a pub later.
ham,Please give it 2  or i will pick it up on Tuesday evening about 8 if that is ok.
ham,Erutupalam thandiyachu
spam,Do you want a New Nokia 3510i Colour Phone Delivered Tomorrow? With 200 FREE minutes to any mobile + 100 FREE text + FREE camcorder Reply or Call 08000930705
spam,Had your mobile 11mths ? Update for FREE to Oranges latest colour camera mobiles & unlimited weekend calls. Call Mobile Upd8 on freefone 08000839402 or 2StopTx
spam,Mobile Club: Choose any of the top quality items for your mobile. 7cfca1a
ham,Yes i will be there. Glad you made it.
ham,Er mw im filled tuth is aight
spam,"Hungry gay guys feeling hungry and up 4 it, now. Call 08718730555 just 10p/min. To stop texts call 08712460324 (10p/min)"
ham,Sorry da. I gone mad so many pending works what to do.
ham,If i said anything wrong sorry de:-)
ham,My house here e sky quite dark liao... If raining then got excuse not 2 run already rite... Hee...
ham,Thanks. Fills me with complete calm and reassurance! 
ham,Sounds like you have many talents! would you like to go on a dinner date next week?
spam,Message Important information for O2 user. Today is your lucky day! 2 find out why log onto http://www.urawinner.com there is a fantastic surprise awaiting you
ham,Enjoy ur life. . Good night
ham,It only does simple arithmetic not percentages.
ham,Do Ì_ all wan 2 meet up n combine all the parts? How's da rest of da project going?
ham,"Haha good to hear, I'm officially paid and on the market for an 8th"
spam,"Orange customer, you may now claim your FREE CAMERA PHONE upgrade for your loyalty. Call now on 0207 153 9996. Offer ends 14thMarch. T&C's apply. Opt-out availa"
ham,Thanks for this hope you had a good day today
spam,"HOT LIVE FANTASIES call now 08707500020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870 is a national rate call"
ham,Yep get with the program. You're slacking.
ham," came to look at the flat, seems ok, in his 50s? * Is away alot wiv work. Got woman coming at 6.30 too."
ham,K tell me anything about you.
ham,Oic... I saw him too but i tot he din c me... I found a group liao...
ham,Dunno lei shd b driving lor cos i go sch 1 hr oni.
ham,Baaaaabe! I misss youuuuu ! Where are you ? I have to go and teach my class at 5 ...
ham,Dunno y u ask me.
ham,Where are you?when wil you reach here?
ham,Feel Yourself That You Are Always Happy.. Slowly It Becomes Your Habit &amp; Finally It Becomes Part Of Your Life.. Follow It.. Happy Morning &amp; Have A Happy Day:)
ham,"Haha better late than ever, any way I could swing by?"
ham,Where's mummy's boy ? Is he being good or bad ? Is he being positive or negative ? Why is mummy being made to wait? Hmmmm?
spam,u r a winner U ave been specially selected 2 receive å£1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810710p/min (18 )
spam,Camera - You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. Delivery within 28 days.
ham,Did you get any gift? This year i didnt get anything. So bad
ham,Hey morning what you come to ask:-) pa...
ham,My exam is for february 4. Wish you a great day.
ham,No prob. I will send to your email.
ham,So Ì_ pay first lar... Then when is da stock comin...
ham,"LOOK AT AMY URE A BEAUTIFUL, INTELLIGENT WOMAN AND I LIKE U A LOT. I KNOW U DONåÕT LIKE ME LIKE THAT SO DONåÕT WORRY."
ham,"My painful personal thought- \I always try to keep everybody happy all the time. But nobody recognises me when i am alone\"""""
ham,"Had the money issue weigh me down but thanks to you, I can breathe easier now. I.ll make sure you dont regret it. Thanks."
ham,Oh sorry please its over
ham,"Goodmorning, today i am late for 1hr."
ham,Yes just finished watching days of our lives. I love it.
spam,Free video camera phones with Half Price line rental for 12 mths and 500 cross ntwk mins 100 txts. Call MobileUpd8 08001950382 or Call2OptOut/674&
ham,I got your back! Do you have any dislikes in bed?
spam,Urgent! Please call 09061743810 from landline. Your ABTA complimentary 4* Tenerife Holiday or #5000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs Box 326 CW25WX 150 ppm
ham,What's ur pin?
ham,I'll let you know when it kicks in
ham,Ho ho - big belly laugh! See ya tomo
ham,We r outside already.
ham,Yup... Ok i go home look at the timings then i msg Ì_ again... Xuhui going to learn on 2nd may too but her lesson is at 8am
ham,Ok.
ham,"Thanx 4 the time weåÕve spent 2geva, its bin mint! Ur my Baby and all I want is u!xxxx"
spam,Ringtone Club: Gr8 new polys direct to your mobile every week !
ham,"No my blankets are sufficient, thx"
ham,Slaaaaave ! Where are you ? Must I summon you to me all the time now ? Don't you wish to come to me on your own anymore?
spam,Customer service annoncement. You have a New Years delivery waiting for you. Please call 07046744435 now to arrange delivery
ham,"Damn, can you make it tonight or do you want to just wait til tomorrow"
ham,7 lor... Change 2 suntec... Wat time u coming?
ham,"Sir, i am waiting for your call."
spam,"Dear Voucher Holder, To claim this weeks offer, at your PC please go to http://www.wtlp.co.uk/text. Ts&Cs apply."
spam,"U've been selected to stay in 1 of 250 top British hotels - FOR NOTHING! Holiday valued at å£350! Dial 08712300220 to claim - National Rate Call. Bx526, SW73SS"
ham,Must come later.. I normally bathe him in da afternoon mah..
ham,Kent vale lor... ÌÏ wait 4 me there ar?
ham,O. Guess they both got screwd
spam,thesmszone.com lets you send free anonymous and masked messages..im sending this message from there..do you see the potential for abuse???
ham,Or i go home first lar Ì_ wait 4 me lor.. I put down my stuff first..
spam,YOU HAVE WON! As a valued Vodafone customer our computer has picked YOU to win a å£150 prize. To collect is easy. Just call 09061743386 
spam,URGENT! We are trying to contact U Todays draw shows that you have won a å£800 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09050000460 from land line. Claim J89. po box245c2150pm
ham,"Merry Christmas to you too babe, i love ya *kisses*"
ham,Good Morning my Dear Shijutta........... Have a great &amp; successful day.
ham,"its cool but tyler had to take off so we're gonna buy for him and drop it off at his place later tonight. Our total order is a quarter, you got enough?"
ham,If you're not in my car in an hour and a half I'm going apeshit
spam,Camera - You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. Delivery within 28 days.
spam,Save money on wedding lingerie at www.bridal.petticoatdreams.co.uk Choose from a superb selection with national delivery. Brought to you by WeddingFriend
ham,I wish things were different. I wonder when i will be able to show you how much i value you. Pls continue the brisk walks no drugs without askin me please and find things to laugh about. I love you dearly.
ham,"The guy (kadeem) hasn't been selling since the break, I know one other guy but he's paranoid as fuck and doesn't like selling without me there and I can't be up there til late tonight"
ham,"I know you are thinkin malaria. But relax, children cant handle malaria. She would have been worse and its gastroenteritis. If she takes enough to replace her loss her temp will reduce. And if you give her malaria meds now she will just vomit. Its a self limiting illness she has which means in a few days it will completely stop"
spam,"Hi this is Amy, we will be sending you a free phone number in a couple of days, which will give you an access to all the adult parties..."
ham,Dear umma she called me now :-)
ham,Hmm. Shall i bring a bottle of wine to keep us amused? Just joking! I'll still bring a bottle. Red or white? See you tomorrow
ham,Can Ì_ all decide faster cos my sis going home liao..
ham,I'm sick !! I'm needy !! I want you !! *pouts* *stomps feet* Where are you ?! *pouts* *stomps feet* I want my slave !! I want him now !!
ham,"Gumby's has a special where a  &lt;#&gt; \ cheese pizza is $2 so I know what we're doin tonight"""
spam,"FreeMSG You have been awarded a FREE mini DIGITAL CAMERA, just reply SNAP to collect your prize! (quizclub Opt out? Stop 80122300p/wk SP:RWM Ph:08704050406)"
ham,Yup... Hey then one day on fri we can ask miwa and jiayin take leave go karaoke 
ham,Congrats. That's great. I wanted to tell you not to tell me your score cos it might make me relax. But its motivating me so thanks for sharing
ham,Do you hide anythiing or keeping distance from me
ham,I dont thnk its a wrong calling between us
ham,Ok lor Ì_ reaching then message me.
ham,Remember on that day..
ham,K sure am in my relatives home. Sms me de. Pls:-)
ham,"life alle mone,eppolum oru pole allalo"
ham,Then u ask darren go n pick u lor... But i oso sian tmr haf 2 meet lect...
ham,You still coming tonight?
ham,IM GONNA MISS U SO MUCH
ham,Do you work all this week ?
ham,"K.. I yan jiu liao... Sat we can go 4 bugis vill one frm 10 to 3 den hop to parco 4 nb. Sun can go cine frm 1030 to 2, den hop to orc mrt 4 hip hop at 4..."
spam,YES! The only place in town to meet exciting adult singles is now in the UK. Txt CHAT to 86688 now! 150p/Msg.
ham,Height of recycling: Read twice- People spend time for earning money and the same money is spent for spending time!;-) Good morning.. keep smiling:-)
ham,"K, jason says he's gonna be around so I'll be up there around  &lt;#&gt;"
ham,Oops i thk i dun haf enuff... I go check then tell Ì_..
ham,Thk some of em find wtc too far... Weiyi not goin... E rest i dunno yet... R ur goin 4 dinner den i might b able to join...
ham,He also knows about lunch menu only da. . I know
ham,Everybody had fun this evening. Miss you.
ham,Hey i've booked the pilates and yoga lesson already... Haha
ham,"K I'll head out in a few mins, see you there"
ham,"\CHEERS FOR CALLIN BABE.SOZI CULDNT TALKBUT I WANNATELL U DETAILS LATER WENWECAN CHAT PROPERLY X\"""""
ham,Yes I know the cheesy songs from frosty the snowman :)
spam,"cmon babe, make me horny, *turn* me on! Txt me your fantasy now babe -) Im hot, sticky and need you now. All replies cost å£1.50. 2 cancel send STOP"
ham,Oh thats late! Well have a good night and i will give u a call tomorrow. Iam now going to go to sleep night night
ham,Sorry * was at the grocers.
ham,Thank you princess! I want to see your nice juicy booty...
ham,Hey company elama po mudyadhu.
ham,"Night sweet, sleep well! I've just been to see The Exorcism of Emily Rose and may never sleep again! Hugs and snogs! "
ham,Send me yetty's number pls.
spam,Not heard from U4 a while. Call me now am here all night with just my knickers on. Make me beg for it like U did last time 01223585236 XX Luv Nikiyu4.net
ham,"Not for possession, especially not first offense"
ham,Mmm thats better now i got a roast down me! iåÕd b better if i had a few drinks down me 2! Good indian?
ham,"No dude, its not fake..my frnds got money, thts y i'm reffering u..if u member wit my mail link, u vl be credited  &lt;#&gt; rs and il be getiing  &lt;#&gt; rs..i can draw my acc wen it is  &lt;#&gt; rs.."
ham,"I can. But it will tell quite long, cos i haven't finish my film yet..."
ham,ÌÏ neva tell me how i noe... I'm not at home in da aft wat... 
spam,Hard LIVE 121 chat just 60p/min. Choose your girl and connect LIVE. Call 09094646899 now! Cheap Chat UK's biggest live service. VU BCM1896WC1N3XX
ham,If india win or level series means this is record:)
ham,"Awesome question with a cute answer: Someone asked a boy \how is ur life?\"" . . He smiled &amp; answered: . . \""She is fine!\"" Gudnite"""
ham,"Theoretically yeah, he could be able to come"
ham,He says he'll give me a call when his friend's got the money but that he's definitely buying before the end of the week
ham,Oh yes I can speak txt 2 u no! Hmm. Did u get  email?
ham,You'll never believe this but i have actually got off at taunton. Wow
ham,Ok . . now i am in bus. . If i come soon i will come otherwise tomorrow
ham,Why do you ask princess?
ham,I'm fine. Hope you are also
ham,I will be gentle princess! We will make sweet gentle love...
ham,"Pete,is this your phone still? Its Jenny from college and Leanne.what are you up to now?:)"
ham,Just re read it and I have no shame but tell me how he takes it and if he runs I will blame u 4 ever!! Not really 4 ever just a long time 
spam,Hi I'm sue. I am 20 years old and work as a lapdancer. I love sex. Text me live - I'm i my bedroom now. text SUE to 89555. By TextOperator G2 1DA 150ppmsg 18+
ham,Have you had a good day? Mine was really busy are you up to much tomorrow night?
ham,I'm coming home 4 dinner.
ham,Sleeping nt feeling well
ham,Once free call me sir. I am waiting for you.
ham,Shall i come to get pickle
ham,"Sorry da thangam, very very sorry i am held up with prasad."
ham,Tessy..pls do me a favor. Pls convey my birthday wishes to Nimya..pls dnt forget it. Today is her birthday Shijas
ham,Hahaha..use your brain dear
spam,FROM 88066 LOST å£12 HELP
ham,I pocked you up there before
ham,I had askd u a question some hours before. Its answer
ham,You flippin your shit yet?
spam,74355 XMAS iscoming & ur awarded either å£500 CD gift vouchers & free entry 2 r å£100 weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnC
ham,He's an adult and would learn from the experience. There's no real danger. I just dont like peeps using drugs they dont need. But no comment
ham,All was well until slightly disastrous class this pm with my fav darlings! Hope day off ok. Coffee wld be good as can't stay late tomorrow. Same time + place as always?
ham,Aah bless! How's your arm?
spam,Someone has conacted our dating service and entered your phone because they fancy you!To find out who it is call from landline 09111030116. PoBox12n146tf15
ham,did u get that message
ham,Wanna do some art?! :D
ham,That's y u haf 2 keep me busy...
ham,Ya but it cant display internal subs so i gotta extract them
ham,Thanx u darlin!im cool thanx. A few bday drinks 2 nite. 2morrow off! Take care c u soon.xxx
ham,Hi.:)technical support.providing assistance to us customer through call and email:)
ham,Tomarrow final hearing on my laptop case so i cant.
ham,A guy who gets used but is too dumb to realize it.
ham,"K, want us to come by now?"
ham,Whos this am in class:-)
ham,Dear got train and seat mine lower seat
ham,Pls come quick cant bare this.
ham,o turns out i had stereo love on mi phone under the unknown album.
ham,"Every King Was Once A Crying Baby And Every Great Building Was Once A Map.. Not Imprtant Where U r TODAY, BUT Where U Wil Reach TOMORW. Gud ni8"
ham,Are you this much buzy
spam,"You are a å£1000 winner or Guaranteed Caller Prize, this is our Final attempt to contact you! To Claim Call 09071517866 Now! 150ppmPOBox10183BhamB64XE"
ham,Hey they r not watching movie tonight so i'll prob b home early...
ham,Are there TA jobs available? Let me know please cos i really need to start working
ham,But really quite funny lor wat... Then u shd haf run shorter distance wat...
ham,Are you wet right now?
ham,"By the way, make sure u get train to worc foregate street not shrub hill. Have fun night x"
ham,I'm at home n ready...
ham,I didn't get the second half of that message
ham,S'fine. Anytime. All the best with it.
ham,"Wa, ur openin sentence very formal... Anyway, i'm fine too, juz tt i'm eatin too much n puttin on weight...Haha... So anythin special happened?"
ham,how tall are you princess?
ham,THIS IS A LONG FUCKIN SHOWR
ham,Jus finish watching tv... U?
ham,"Just got part Nottingham - 3 hrs 63miles. Good thing i love my man so much, but only doing 40mph. Hey ho"
ham,I am in your office na.
ham,Ok. No wahala. Just remember that a friend in need ...
ham,"Well the weather in cali's great. But its complexities are great. You need a car to move freely, its taxes are outrageous. But all in all its a great place. The sad part is i missing home."
spam,Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country the Algarve is in? Txt ansr to 82277. å£1.50 SP:Tyrone
ham,We'll join the  &lt;#&gt;  bus
ham,Ok. So april. Cant wait
ham,I don't know jack shit about anything or i'd say/ask something helpful but if you want you can pretend that I did and just text me whatever in response to the hypotheticalhuagauahahuagahyuhagga
spam,Want explicit SEX in 30 secs? Ring 02073162414 now! Costs 20p/min Gsex POBOX 2667 WC1N 3XX
ham,Just nw i came to hme da..
ham," says that he's quitting at least5times a day so i wudn't take much notice of that. Nah, she didn't mind. Are you gonna see him again? Do you want to come to taunton tonight? U can tell me all about !"
ham,I'm really sorry i won't b able 2 do this friday.hope u can find an alternative.hope yr term's going ok:-)
ham,No I don't have cancer. Moms making a big deal out of a regular checkup aka pap smear
ham,Hi :)finally i completed the course:)
ham,"Haha awesome, I've been to 4u a couple times. Who all's coming?"
ham,Today i'm not workin but not free oso... Gee... Thgt u workin at ur fren's shop ? 
ham,Good Morning my Dear........... Have a great &amp; successful day.
ham,"I jus hope its true that  missin me cos i'm really missin him! You haven't done anything to feel guilty about, yet."
ham,Also track down any lighters you can find
ham,I hope you know I'm still mad at you.
ham,I dont want to hear anything
ham,\Si.como no?!listened2the plaid album-quite gd&the new air1 which is hilarious-also boughtåÓbraindanceåÓa comp.ofstuff on aphexåÕs ;abel
ham,CHEERS LOU! YEAH WAS A GOODNITE SHAME U NEVA CAME! C YA GAILxx
spam,"FREE MESSAGE Activate your 500 FREE Text Messages by replying to this message with the word FREE For terms & conditions, visit www.07781482378.com"
ham,"The LAY MAN! Just to let you know you are missed and thought off. Do have a great day. And if you can send me bimbo and ugo's numbers, ill appreciate. Safe"
ham,"They said if its gonna snow, it will start around 8 or 9 pm tonite! They are predicting an inch of accumulation."
ham,"Also north carolina and texas atm, you would just go to the gre site and pay for the test results to be sent."
spam,I don't know u and u don't know me. Send CHAT to 86688 now and let's find each other! Only 150p/Msg rcvd. HG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN. 18 years or over.
ham,Yes:)here tv is always available in work place..
ham,Which is why i never wanted to tell you any of this. Which is why i'm so short with you and on-edge as of late.
ham,Not a lot has happened here. Feels very quiet. Beth is at her aunts and charlie is working lots. Just me and helen in at the mo. How have you been? 
ham,"K, can that happen tonight?"
ham,"As usual..iam fine, happy &amp; doing well..:)"
ham,"Sorry, I can't help you on this."
ham,Hey whats up? U sleeping all morning?
ham,I wont touch you with out your permission.
ham,God created gap btwn ur fingers so dat sum1 vry special will fill those gaps by holding ur hands.. Now plz dont ask y he created so much gap between legs !!!
ham,"Bloody hell, cant believe you forgot my surname Mr . Ill give u a clue, its spanish and begins with m... "
ham,Don't look back at the building because you have no coat and i don't want you to get more sick. Just hurry home and wear a coat to the gym!!!
ham,How's it going? Got any exciting karaoke type activities planned? I'm debating whether to play football this eve. Feeling lazy though.
ham,No it will reach by 9 only. She telling she will be there. I dont know
ham,", im .. On the snowboarding trip. I was wondering if your planning to get everyone together befor we go..a meet and greet kind of affair? Cheers, "
ham,"\Speak only when you feel your words are better than the silence...\"" Gud mrng:-)"""
ham,Ranjith cal drpd Deeraj and deepak 5min hold
spam,Are you unique enough? Find out from 30th August. www.areyouunique.co.uk
ham,After completed degree. There is no use in joining finance.
ham,Does cinema plus drink appeal tomo? * Is a fr thriller by director i like on at mac at 8.30.
ham,That's significant but dont worry.
ham,From 5 to 2 only my work timing.
ham,And whenever you and i see we can still hook up too.
ham,The search 4 happiness is 1 of d main sources of unhappiness! Accept life the way it comes! U will find happiness in every moment u live.
spam,Do you want a new Video handset? 750 any time any network mins? UNLIMITED TEXT? Camcorder? Reply or Call now 08000930705 for del Sat AM
ham,No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
ham,What time. I‰Û÷m out until prob 3 or so
ham,Then u going ikea str aft dat?
ham,"Save yourself the stress. If the person has a dorm account, just send your account details and the money will be sent to you."
ham,"Ditto. And you won't have to worry about me saying ANYTHING to you anymore. Like i said last night, you do whatever you want and i'll do the same. Peace."
ham,Company is very good.environment is terrific and food is really nice:)
ham,Who were those people ? Were you in a tour ? I thought you were doing that sofa thing you sent me ? Your curious sugar
ham,Check with nuerologist.
ham,I'm not coming home 4 dinner.
ham,If you still havent collected the dough pls let me know so i can go to the place i sent it to get the control number
ham,"Good afternoon loverboy ! How goes you day ? Any luck come your way? I think of you, sweetie and send my love across the sea to make you smile and happy"
ham,"Rose needs water, season needs change, poet needs imagination..My phone needs ur sms and i need ur lovely frndship forever...."
ham,Hey check it da. I have listed da.
ham,Did you show him and wot did he say or could u not c him 4 dust?
ham,Of course. I guess god's just got me on hold right now.
ham,Super msg da:)nalla timing.
ham,"wiskey Brandy Rum Gin Beer Vodka Scotch Shampain Wine \KUDI\""yarasu dhina vaazhthukkal. .."""
ham,"Hiya, sorry didn't hav signal. I haven't seen or heard from and neither has, which is unusual in itself! I'll put on the case and get him to sort it out! Hugs and snogs."
ham, &lt;#&gt;  in mca. But not conform.
ham,"A Boy loved a gal. He propsd bt she didnt mind. He gv lv lttrs, Bt her frnds threw thm. Again d boy decided 2 aproach d gal , dt time a truck was speeding towards d gal. Wn it was about 2 hit d girl,d boy ran like hell n saved her. She asked 'hw cn u run so fast?' D boy replied \Boost is d secret of my energy\"" n instantly d girl shouted \""our energy\"" n Thy lived happily 2gthr drinking boost evrydy Moral of d story:- I hv free msgs:D;): gud ni8"""
ham,Yar lor wait 4 my mum 2 finish sch then have lunch lor... I whole morning stay at home clean my room now my room quite clean... Hee...
ham,What happened in interview?
ham,K:)eng rocking in ashes:)
ham,Oops. 4 got that bit.
spam,it to 80488. Your 500 free text messages are valid until 31 December 2005.
ham,And popping &lt;#&gt; ibuprofens was no help.
ham,"I think we're going to finn's now, come"
ham,If he started searching he will get job in few days.he have great potential and talent.
ham,This pain couldn't have come at a worse time.
ham,Pls send me your address sir.
ham,I will once i get home
ham,Roger that. We‰Û÷re probably going to rem in about 20
ham,Oic... Then better quickly go bathe n settle down...
spam,* FREE* POLYPHONIC RINGTONE Text SUPER to 87131 to get your FREE POLY TONE of the week now! 16 SN PoBox202 NR31 7ZS subscription 450pw
ham,We are okay. Going to sleep now. Later
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,1's finish meeting call me.
ham,Hmm...my uncle just informed me that he's paying the school directly. So pls buy food.
ham,A pure hearted person can have a wonderful smile that makes even his/her enemies to feel guilty for being an enemy.. So catch the world with your smile..:) GOODMORNING &amp; HAVE A SMILEY SUNDAY..:)
ham,Hahaha..use your brain dear
ham,I dont know ask to my brother. Nothing problem some thing that. Just i told .
ham,Its a valentine game. . . Send dis msg to all ur friends. .. If 5 answers r d same then someone really loves u. Ques- which colour suits me the best?rply me
ham,Wat's my dear doing? Sleeping ah?
ham,Hi good mornin.. Thanku wish u d same..
ham,I‰Û÷m parked next to a MINI!!!! When are you coming in today do you think?
ham,Dis is yijue. I jus saw ur mail. In case huiming havent sent u my num. Dis is my num.
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,K actually can you guys meet me at the sunoco on howard? It should be right on the way
ham,This girl does not stay in bed. This girl doesn't need recovery time. Id rather pass out while having fun then be cooped up in bed
ham,Am okay. Will soon be over. All the best
ham,Wow didn't think it was that common. I take it all back ur not a freak! Unless u chop it off:-)
ham,I bought the test yesterday. Its something that lets you know the exact day u ovulate.when will get 2u in about 2 to 3wks. But pls pls dont fret. I know u r worried. Pls relax. Also is there anything in ur past history u need to tell me?
ham,I remain unconvinced that this isn't an elaborate test of my willpower
ham,Yup ok...
spam,"Congrats 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09063458130 now! videochat wid ur mates, play java games, Dload polypH music, noline rentl. bx420. ip4. 5we. 150p"
ham,U studying in sch or going home? Anyway i'll b going 2 sch later.
ham,Me too watching surya movie only. . .after 6 pm vijay movie POKKIRI
ham,Is ur paper today in e morn or aft?
spam,PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08715203652 Identifier Code: 42810 Expires 29/10/0
ham,Hey what how about your project. Started aha da.
ham,I'm on the bus. Love you
ham,Apo all other are mokka players only
ham,Nothing lor... A bit bored too... Then y dun u go home early 2 sleep today...
ham,Why are u up so early?
ham,"Hi the way I was with u 2day, is the normal way&this is the real me. UR unique&I hope I know u 4 the rest of mylife. Hope u find wot was lost."
ham,Can you talk with me..
ham,I'll text now! All creepy like so he won't think that we forgot
ham,Well. Im computerless. Time to make some oreo truffles
spam,New TEXTBUDDY Chat 2 horny guys in ur area 4 just 25p Free 2 receive Search postcode or at gaytextbuddy.com. TXT ONE name to 89693
ham,The 2 oz guy is being kinda flaky but one friend is interested in picking up $ &lt;#&gt;  worth tonight if possible
ham,Did u see what I posted on your Facebook?
ham,Long beach lor. Expected... U having dinner now?
ham,"Better than bb. If he wont use it, his wife will or them doctor"
ham,Any chance you might have had with me evaporated as soon as you violated my privacy by stealing my phone number from your employer's paperwork. Not cool at all. Please do not contact me again or I will report you to your supervisor.
ham,Jordan got voted out last nite!
ham,Hey so this sat are we going for the intro pilates only? Or the kickboxing too? 
spam,"YOU VE WON! Your 4* Costa Del Sol Holiday or å£5000 await collection. Call 09050090044 Now toClaim. SAE, TC s, POBox334, Stockport, SK38xh, Costå£1.50/pm, Max10mins"
ham,K..i deleted my contact that why?
ham,What is your record for one night? :)
ham,Saw Guys and Dolls last night with Patrick Swayze it was great
ham,I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  &lt;#&gt; Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. &lt;#&gt; lacs..thats my prob
ham,I want  &lt;#&gt;  rs da:)do you have it?
ham,soon you will have the real thing princess! Do i make you wet? :)
ham,What happen to her tell the truth
ham,"Gud gud..k, chikku tke care.. sleep well gud nyt"
spam,"Thanks for your ringtone order, reference number X29. Your mobile will be charged 4.50. Should your tone not arrive please call customer services 09065989180"
ham,"Dear,Me at cherthala.in case u r coming cochin pls call bfore u start.i shall also reach accordingly.or tell me which day u r coming.tmorow i am engaged ans its holiday."
ham,"Haha yeah, 2 oz is kind of a shitload"
ham,Nah dub but je still buff
ham,Babe? You said 2 hours and it's been almost 4 ... Is your internet down ?
ham,Yes:)sura in sun tv.:)lol.
ham,I dont know exactly could you ask chechi.
ham,"It doesnt make sense to take it there unless its free. If you need to know more, wikipedia.com"
ham,"Haha yeah I see that now, be there in a sec"
ham,Was the actual exam harder than NBME
ham,Its not that time of the month nor mid of the time?
ham,"The  &lt;#&gt; g that i saw a few days ago, the guy wants sell wifi only for  &lt;#&gt;  and with 3g for  &lt;#&gt; . That's why i blanked him."
spam,"TheMob>Hit the link to get a premium Pink Panther game, the new no. 1 from Sugababes, a crazy Zebra animation or a badass Hoody wallpaper-all 4 FREE!"
ham,"No, I was trying it all weekend ;V"
ham,PISS IS TALKING IS SOMEONE THAT REALISE U THAT POINT THIS AT IS IT.(NOW READ IT BACKWARDS)
ham,I don't want you to leave. But i'm barely doing what i can to stay sane. fighting with you constantly isn't helping.
ham,"I need an 8th but I'm off campus atm, could I pick up in an hour or two?"
ham,Been running but only managed 5 minutes and then needed oxygen! Might have to resort to the roller option!
ham,So i asked how's anthony. Dad. And your bf
ham,I knew it... U slept v late yest? Wake up so late...
ham,"Sorry, I can't text &amp; drive coherently, see you in twenty"
ham,"Say this slowly.? GOD,I LOVE YOU &amp; I NEED YOU,CLEAN MY HEART WITH YOUR BLOOD.Send this to Ten special people &amp; u c miracle tomorrow, do it,pls,pls do it..."
ham,Wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!
ham,Happy New year my dear brother. I really do miss you. Just got your number and decided to send you this text wishing you only happiness. Abiola
ham,"Aight, call me once you're close"
ham,Sent me de webadres for geting salary slip
spam,Reminder: You have not downloaded the content you have already paid for. Goto http://doit. mymoby. tv/ to collect your content.
ham,"I'm a guy, browsin is compulsory"
ham,ÌÏ dun wan to watch infernal affair?
ham,Sorry sent blank msg again. Yup but trying 2 do some serious studying now.
spam,"Urgent! Please call 09066612661 from your landline, your complimentary 4* Lux Costa Del Sol holiday or å£1000 CASH await collection. ppm 150 SAE T&Cs James 28, EH74RR"
ham,Gd luck 4 ur exams :-)
ham,Its normally hot mail. Com you see!
spam,Customer Loyalty Offer:The NEW Nokia6650 Mobile from ONLY å£10 at TXTAUCTION! Txt word: START to No: 81151 & get yours Now! 4T&Ctxt TC 150p/MTmsg
ham,here is my new address -apples&pairs&all that malarky
ham,Try neva mate!!
ham,I wish that I was with you. Holding you tightly. Making you see how important you are. How much you mean to me ... How much I need you ... In my life ...
ham,You in your room? I need a few
ham,That's cause your old. I live to be high.
ham,ÌÏ log off 4 wat. It's sdryb8i
ham,I couldn't say no as he is a dying man and I feel sad for him so I will go and I just wanted you to know I would probably be gone late into your night
ham,One small prestige problem now.
ham,5 nights...We nt staying at port step liao...Too ex
ham,Er yep sure. Props?
ham,"Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng"
ham,"Yo, the game almost over? Want to go to walmart soon"
ham,You sure your neighbors didnt pick it up
ham,Do we have any spare power supplies
ham,"Just looked it up and addie goes back Monday, sucks to be her"
spam,Urgent Ur å£500 guaranteed award is still unclaimed! Call 09066368327 NOW closingdate04/09/02 claimcode M39M51 å£1.50pmmorefrommobile2Bremoved-MobyPOBox734LS27YF
spam,Cashbin.co.uk (Get lots of cash this weekend!) www.cashbin.co.uk Dear Welcome to the weekend We have got our biggest and best EVER cash give away!! These..
ham,Come aftr  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; ..now i m cleaning the house
ham,Ok...
spam,"Fantasy Football is back on your TV. Go to Sky Gamestar on Sky Active and play å£250k Dream Team. Scoring starts on Saturday, so register now!SKY OPT OUT to 88088"
ham,"Me also da, i feel yesterday night  wait til 2day night dear."
ham,1 I don't have her number and 2 its gonna be a massive pain in the ass and i'd rather not get involved if that's possible
ham,ÌÏ dun need to pick ur gf?
ham,"That day Ì_ say Ì_ cut ur hair at paragon, is it called hair sense? Do Ì_ noe how much is a hair cut? "
ham,R u here yet? I'm wearing blue shirt n black pants.
ham,Can't take any major roles in community outreach. You rock mel
ham,At home by the way
ham,Then u better go sleep.. Dun disturb u liao.. U wake up then msg me lor..
ham,Send this to ur friends and receive something about ur voice..... How is my speaking expression? 1.childish 2.naughty 3.Sentiment 4.rowdy 5.ful of attitude 6.romantic 7.shy 8.Attractive 9.funny  &lt;#&gt; .irritating  &lt;#&gt; .lovable. reply me..
spam,You won't believe it but it's true. It's Incredible Txts! Reply G now to learn truly amazing things that will blow your mind. From O2FWD only 18p/txt
ham,Audrie lousy autocorrect
ham,Da my birthdate in certificate is in april but real date is today. But dont publish it. I shall give you a special treat if you keep the secret. Any way thanks for the wishes
ham,You should get more chicken broth if you want ramen unless there's some I don't know about
ham,No. I.ll meet you in the library
spam,"FREE2DAY sexy St George's Day pic of Jordan!Txt PIC to 89080 dont miss out, then every wk a saucy celeb!4 more pics c PocketBabe.co.uk 0870241182716 å£3/wk"
ham,Were somewhere on Fredericksburg
ham,"Life is more strict than teacher... Bcoz Teacher teaches lesson &amp; then conducts exam, But Life first conducts Exam &amp; then teaches Lessons. Happy morning. . ."
ham,What do u want when i come back?.a beautiful necklace as a token of my heart for you.thats what i will give but ONLY to MY WIFE OF MY LIKING.BE THAT AND SEE..NO ONE can give you that.dont call me.i will wait till i come.
ham,PS U no ur a grown up now right?
spam,Call Germany for only 1 pence per minute! Call from a fixed line via access number 0844 861 85 85. No prepayment. Direct access!
ham,When Ì_ login dat time... Dad fetching Ì_ home now?
ham,"\Hey! do u fancy meetin me at 4 at cha åÐ hav a lil beverage on me. if not txt or ring me and we can meet up l8r. quite tired got in at 3 v.pist ;) love Pete x x x\"""""
spam,I am hot n horny and willing I live local to you - text a reply to hear strt back from me 150p per msg Netcollex LtdHelpDesk: 02085076972 reply Stop to end
ham,\HEY HEY WERETHE MONKEESPEOPLE SAY WE MONKEYAROUND! HOWDY GORGEOUS
ham,Oh for fuck's sake she's in like tallahassee
ham,Gr8. So how do you handle the victoria island traffic. Plus when's the album due
ham,i felt so...not any conveying reason.. Ese he... What about me?
ham,Am on the uworld site. Am i buying the qbank only or am i buying it with the self assessment also?
ham,Probably a couple hours tops
spam,"Hottest pics straight to your phone!! See me getting Wet and Wanting, just for you xx Text PICS to 89555 now! txt costs 150p textoperator g696ga 18 XxX"
ham,Do u konw waht is rael FRIENDSHIP Im gving yuo an exmpel: Jsut ese tihs msg.. Evrey splleing of tihs msg is wrnog.. Bt sitll yuo can raed it wihtuot ayn mitsake.. GOODNIGHT &amp; HAVE A NICE SLEEP..SWEET DREAMS..
ham,Early bird! Any purchases yet?
ham,Don't make life too stressfull.. Always find time to Laugh.. It may not add years to your Life! But surely adds more life to ur years!! Gud ni8..swt dreams..
ham,ÌÏ come lt 25 n pass to me lar
ham,You only hate me. You can call any but you didnt accept even a single call of mine. Or even you messaged
ham,Nobody can decide where to eat and dad wants Chinese
ham,WOT STUDENT DISCOUNT CAN U GET ON BOOKS?
ham,This is hoping you enjoyed your game yesterday. Sorry i've not been in touch but pls know that you are fondly bein thot off. Have a great week. Abiola
ham,And I don't plan on staying the night but I prolly won't be back til late
ham,Ok.
ham,Smile in Pleasure Smile in Pain Smile when trouble pours like Rain Smile when sum1 Hurts U Smile becoz SOMEONE still Loves to see u Smiling!!
ham,He is world famamus....
spam,"Claim a 200 shopping spree, just call 08717895698 now! Have you won! MobStoreQuiz10ppm"
ham,"Dude. What's up. How Teresa. Hope you have been okay. When i didnt hear from these people, i called them and they had received the package since dec  &lt;#&gt; . Just thot you'ld like to know. Do have a fantastic year and all the best with your reading. Plus if you can really really Bam first aid for Usmle, then your work is done."
spam,Your B4U voucher w/c 27/03 is MARSMS. Log onto www.B4Utele.com for discount credit. To opt out reply stop. Customer care call 08717168528
ham,God's love has no limit. God's grace has no measure. God's power has no boundaries. May u have God's endless blessings always in ur life...!! Gud ni8
ham,Yep then is fine 7.30 or 8.30 for ice age.
ham,"Me not waking up until 4 in the afternoon, sup"
ham,Thanks for being there for me just to talk to on saturday. You are very dear to me. I cherish having you as a brother and role model.
ham,Sometimes Heart Remembrs someone Very much... Forgets someone soon... Bcoz Heart will not like everyone. But liked ones will be Remembered Everytime... BSLVYL
ham,"Feb  &lt;#&gt;  is \I LOVE U\"" day. Send dis to all ur \""VALUED FRNDS\"" evn me. If 3 comes back u'll gt married d person u luv! If u ignore dis u will lose ur luv 4 Evr"""
ham,Let Ur Heart Be Ur Compass Ur Mind Ur Map Ur Soul Ur Guide And U Will Never loose in world....gnun - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
ham,"Yes, i'm small kid.. And boost is the secret of my energy.."
ham,"Since when, which side, any fever, any vomitin."
ham,We not watching movie already. Xy wants 2 shop so i'm shopping w her now.
ham,DO NOT B LATE LOVE MUM
ham,The basket's gettin full so I might be by tonight
ham,alright tyler's got a minor crisis and has to be home sooner than he thought so be here asap
ham,Rofl betta invest in some  anti aging products
ham,Just wait till end of march when el nino gets himself. Oh.
ham,"I‰Û÷ll leave around four, ok?"
ham,Orh i tot u say she now still dun believe.
ham,Yes.mum lookin strong:)
ham,"I'm back &amp; we're packing the car now, I'll let you know if there's room"
ham,You didnt complete your gist oh.
ham,Thanks for yesterday sir. You have been wonderful. Hope you enjoyed the burial. MojiBiola
ham,"No idea, I guess we'll work that out an hour after we're supposed to leave since as usual nobody has any interest in figuring shit out before the last second"
ham,"Hey there! Glad u r better now. I hear u treated urself to a digi cam, is it good? We r off at 9pm. Have a fab new year, c u in coupla wks!"
spam,"Thanks for your Ringtone Order, Reference T91. You will be charged GBP 4 per week. You can unsubscribe at anytime by calling customer services on 09057039994"
ham,Okie but i scared u say i fat... Then u dun wan me already...
ham,What happen dear tell me
ham,"Thk shld b can... Ya, i wana go 4 lessons... Haha, can go for one whole stretch..."
ham,Lol I would but my mom would have a fit and tell the whole family how crazy and terrible I am
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later in meeting."
ham,Wat uniform? In where get?
spam,100 dating service cal;l 09064012103 box334sk38ch
ham,Prepare to be pounded every night...
ham,Lol grr my mom is taking forever with my prescription. Pharmacy is like 2 minutes away. Ugh.
ham,This pen thing is beyond a joke. Wont a Biro do? Don't do a masters as can't do this ever again! 
ham,Oh ok i didnt know what you meant. Yep i am baby jontin
ham,MAYBE IF YOU WOKE UP BEFORE FUCKING 3 THIS WOULDN'T BE A PROBLEM.
ham,"Ela kano.,il download, come wen ur free.."
ham,Okay... I booked all already... Including the one at bugis.
ham,Gudnite....tc...practice going on
ham,Just normal only here :)
ham,Babe ? I lost you ... Will you try rebooting ?
ham,Oh ya ya. I remember da. .
ham,Lol I was gonna last month. I cashed some in but I left &lt;#&gt; just in case. I was collecting more during the week cause they announced it on the blog.
ham,Shall call now dear having food
ham,Just getting back home
ham,Wat time do u wan 2 meet me later?
ham,Thnx dude. u guys out 2nite?
ham,For my family happiness..
ham,Where is that one day training:-)
ham,You can never do NOTHING
ham,Guess who spent all last night phasing in and out of the fourth dimension
ham,Its just the effect of irritation. Just ignore it
ham,I'm aight. Wat's happening on your side.
ham,"Okies... I'll go yan jiu too... We can skip ard oso, go cine den go mrt one, blah blah blah... "
ham,Small problem in auction:)punj now asking tiwary
ham,Sounds like there could be a lot of time spent in that chastity device boy ... *grins* ... Or take your beatings like a good dog. Going to lounge in a nice long bath now ?
ham,The length is e same but e top shorter n i got a fringe now. I thk i'm not going liao. Too lazy. Dun wan 2 distract u also.
spam,"Do you ever notice that when you're driving, anyone going slower than you is an idiot and everyone driving faster than you is a maniac?"
ham,Hows the pain dear?y r u smiling?
ham,K:)k.are you in college?
ham,"Sorry,  in meeting I'll call you later"
ham,Si si. I think ill go make those oreo truffles.
spam,As a registered optin subscriber ur draw 4 å£100 gift voucher will be entered on receipt of a correct ans to 80062 Whats No1 in the BBC charts
ham,I tagged MY friends that you seemed to count as YOUR friends.
ham,Gain the rights of a wife.dont demand it.i am trying as husband too.Lets see
spam,Do you want a New Nokia 3510i colour phone DeliveredTomorrow? With 300 free minutes to any mobile + 100 free texts + Free Camcorder reply or call 08000930705.
ham,Kindly send some one to our flat before  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  today.
spam,1st wk FREE! Gr8 tones str8 2 u each wk. Txt NOKIA ON to 8007 for Classic Nokia tones or HIT ON to 8007 for Polys. Nokia/150p Poly/200p 16+
ham,"Hey doc pls I want to get nice t shirt for my hubby nice fiting ones my budget is  &lt;#&gt; k help pls I will load d card abi hw,keep me posted luv. 2 mj"
ham,WE REGRET TO INFORM U THAT THE NHS HAS MADE A MISTAKE.U WERE NEVER ACTUALLY BORN.PLEASE REPORT 2 YOR LOCAL HOSPITAL 2B TERMINATED.WE R SORRY 4 THE INCONVENIENCE
ham,Noice. Text me when you're here
spam,lyricalladie(21/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-910 or NO-910. See her: www.SMS.ac/u/hmmross STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
ham,What time you coming down later? 
ham,"Hmmm.... Mayb can try e shoppin area one, but forgot e name of hotel..."
ham,I've got it down to a tea. not sure which flavour
ham,Nope... C Ì_ then...
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Ok
ham,Are you not around or just still asleep? :V
ham,No:-)i got rumour that you going to buy apartment in chennai:-)
spam,"Final Chance! Claim ur å£150 worth of discount vouchers today! Text YES to 85023 now! SavaMob, member offers mobile! T Cs SavaMob POBOX84, M263UZ. å£3.00 Subs 16"
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
spam,Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country Liverpool played in mid week? Txt ansr to 82277. å£1.50 SP:Tyrone
ham,"Sorry I missed you babe. I was up late and slept in. I hope you enjoy your driving lesson, boytoy. I miss you too ... *teasing kiss*"
ham,Text her. If she doesnt reply let me know so i can have her log in
ham,Leaving to qatar tonite in search of an opportunity.all went fast.pls add me in ur prayers dear.Rakhesh
ham,U calling me right? Call my hand phone...
ham,"Oh, my love, it's soooo good to hear from you. Omg I missed you so much today. I'm sorry your having problems with the provider but thank you for tming me"
spam,You have 1 new message. Please call 08712400200.
ham,And maybe some pressies
ham,Aiyo a bit pai seh Ì_ noe... Scared he dun rem who i am then die... Hee... But he become better lookin oredi leh...
ham,No de.am seeing in online shop so that i asked.
ham,I'm going 2 orchard now laready me reaching soon. U reaching?
ham,Loosu go to hospital. De dont let it careless.
ham,Good. do you think you could send me some pix? I would love to see your top and bottom...
ham,We'll you pay over like  &lt;#&gt; yrs so its not too difficult
spam,Please CALL 08712402779 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you
ham,Ah you see. You have to be in the lingo. I will let you know wot on earth it is when has finished making it!
ham,* Am on a train back from northampton so i'm afraid not!
ham,K.k:)i'm going to tirunelvali this week to see my uncle ..i already spend the amount by taking dress .so only i want money.i will give it on feb 1
ham,"If you can make it any time tonight or whenever you can it's cool, just text me whenever you're around"
spam,We tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of a Video Handset? 750 anytime networks mins? UNLIMITED TEXT? Camcorder? Reply or call 08000930705 NOW
ham,I need... Coz i never go before 
ham,"7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st \Ur Lovely Friendship\""... good morning dear"""
ham,"You aren't coming home between class, right? I need to work out and shower!"
ham,U attend ur driving lesson how many times a wk n which day?
ham,Hows that watch resizing
ham,You do got a shitload of diamonds though
ham,"I keep seeing weird shit and bein all \woah\"" then realising it's actually reasonable and I'm all \""oh\"""""
ham,Oh god i am happy to see your message after 3 days
ham,"awesome, how do I deal with the gate? Charles told me last night but, uh, yeah"
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Gam gone after outstanding innings.
ham,You all ready for * big day tomorrow?
ham,Now only i reached home. . . I am very tired now. . I will come tomorro
ham,Missing you too.pray inshah allah
ham,"Ahhhh...just woken up!had a bad dream about u tho,so i dont like u right now :) i didnt know anything about comedy night but i guess im up for it."
ham,Hey so whats the plan this sat? 
ham,What time is ur flight tmr?
ham,Got it..mail panren paru..
ham,All these nice new shirts and the only thing I can wear them to is nudist themed ;_; you in mu?
ham,Get down in gandhipuram and walk to cross cut road. Right side &lt;#&gt; street road and turn at first right.
ham,Lol yes. Our friendship is hanging on a thread cause u won't buy stuff.
ham,Oh... Kay... On sat right?
ham,One day a crab was running on the sea shore..The waves came n cleared the footprints of the crab.. Crab asked: being my frnd y r u clearing my beautiful footprints? Waves replied: A fox was following ur footprints to catch you! thats y i cleared it off:) frndsship never lets u dwn :-) GUD nyt..
ham,"Aight will do, thanks again for comin out"
ham,Good morning princess! How are you?
ham,If you r @ home then come down within 5 min
ham,Dunno leh cant remember mayb lor. So wat time r we meeting tmr?
ham,Have a good evening! Ttyl
ham,I just cooked a rather nice salmon a la you
ham,"Sounds good, keep me posted"
ham,Alrite jod hows the revision goin? Keris bin doin a smidgin. N e way u wanna cum over after college?xx
ham,"Actually fuck that, just do whatever, do find an excuse to be in tampa at some point before january though"
ham,U don't know how stubborn I am. I didn't even want to go to the hospital. I kept telling Mark I'm not a weak sucker. Hospitals are for weak suckers.
ham,Yar but they say got some error.
ham,Where is it. Is there any opening for mca.
ham,Wife.how she knew the time of murder exactly
ham,I hope your pee burns tonite.
ham,"Ok thats cool. Its , just off either raglan rd or edward rd. Behind the cricket ground. Gimme ring when ur closeby see you tuesday."
ham,Am surfing online store. For offers do you want to buy any thing.
ham,Short But Cute: \Be a good person
ham,"Solve d Case : A Man Was Found Murdered On  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . &lt;#&gt;  AfterNoon. 1,His wife called Police. 2,Police questioned everyone. 3,Wife: Sir,I was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.Cook: I was cooking. 5.Gardener: I was picking vegetables. 6.House-Maid: I went 2 d post office. 7.Children: We went 2 play. 8.Neighbour: We went 2 a marriage. Police arrested d murderer Immediately. Who's It? Reply With Reason, If U r Brilliant."
ham,I think i've fixed it can you send a test message?
ham,Pls give her prometazine syrup. 5mls then  &lt;#&gt; mins later feed.
ham,Aiyo u so poor thing... Then u dun wan 2 eat? U bathe already?
ham,What Today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
ham,Hi. || Do u want | to join me with sts later? || Meeting them at five. || Call u after class.
spam,URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded with a å£2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061790121 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only 150ppm
ham,I HAVE A DATE ON SUNDAY WITH WILL!!
ham,I'm doing da intro covers energy trends n pros n cons... Brief description of nuclear fusion n oso brief history of iter n jet got abt 7 n half pages..
ham,Nope i'll come online now..
ham,Was it something u ate?
spam,RECPT 1/3. You have ordered a Ringtone. Your order is being processed...
ham,"Although i told u dat i'm into baig face watches now but i really like e watch u gave cos it's fr u. Thanx 4 everything dat u've done today, i'm touched..."
spam,Camera - You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221066 fromm landline. Delivery within 28 days
ham,Uncle Abbey! Happy New Year. Abiola
spam,18 days to Euro2004 kickoff! U will be kept informed of all the latest news and results daily. Unsubscribe send GET EURO STOP to 83222.
ham,Misplaced your number and was sending texts to your old number. Wondering why i've not heard from you this year. All the best in your mcat. Got this number from my atlanta friends
ham,Hui xin is in da lib.
ham,Hi:)cts employee how are you?
ham,O we cant see if we can join denis and mina? Or does denis want alone time
ham,"Sorry my roommates took forever, it ok if I come by now?"
ham,I like you peoples very much:) but am very shy pa.
ham,No da. . Vijay going to talk in jaya tv
ham,Wat makes u thk i'll fall down. But actually i thk i'm quite prone 2 falls. Lucky my dad at home i ask him come n fetch me already.
ham,Sorry i now then c ur msg... Yar lor so poor thing... But only 4 one night... Tmr u'll have a brand new room 2 sleep in...
ham,Shb b ok lor... Thanx...
ham,"It wont b until 2.15 as trying 2 sort house out, is that ok?"
ham,Guess which pub im in? Im as happy as a pig in clover or whatever the saying is! 
ham,"The guy at the car shop who was flirting with me got my phone number from the paperwork and called and texted me. I'm nervous because of course now he may have my address. Should i call his boss and tell him, knowing this may get him fired?"
ham,Thanks chikku..:-) gud nyt:-*
ham,Please don't text me anymore. I have nothing else to say.
ham,Are you still getting the goods.
ham,If you're thinking of lifting me one then no.
ham,Oh ok wait 4 me there... My lect havent finish
ham,"Frnd s not juz a word.....not merely a relationship.....its a silent promise which says ... \ I will be with YOU \"" Wherevr.. Whenevr.. Forevr... Gudnyt dear.."""
ham,"sorry, no, have got few things to do. may be in pub later."
ham,Ok but knackered. Just came home and went to sleep! Not good at this full time work lark.
ham,I have 2 docs appointments next week.:/ I'm tired of them shoving stuff up me. Ugh why couldn't I have had a normal body?
ham,Oh k k:)but he is not a big hitter.anyway good
ham,"Oops I did have it,  &lt;#&gt; ?"
ham,Pls speak with me. I wont ask anything other then you friendship.
ham,LOOK AT THE FUCKIN TIME. WHAT THE FUCK YOU THINK IS UP
ham,Not yet had..ya sapna aunty manege y'day hogidhe..chinnu full weak and swalpa black agidhane..
ham,Yup...
ham,Lol. Well quality aint bad at all so i aint complaining
spam,Panasonic & BluetoothHdset FREE. Nokia FREE. Motorola FREE & DoubleMins & DoubleTxt on Orange contract. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call 2optout
spam,"Want to funk up ur fone with a weekly new tone reply TONES2U 2 this text. www.ringtones.co.uk, the original n best. Tones 3GBP network operator rates apply"
ham,Bring home some Wendy =D
ham,"I got another job! The one at the hospital doing data analysis or something, starts on monday! Not sure when my thesis will got finished"
ham,Then Ì_ come n pick me at 530 ar?
ham,"Friendship is not a game to play, It is not a word to say, It doesn\'t start on March and ends on May, It is tomorrow, yesterday, today and e"
ham,"Yeah, probably but not sure. Ilol let u know, but personally I wuldnt bother, then again if ur goin to then I mite as well!!"
ham,"It'll be tough, but I'll do what I have to"
ham,Let me know how it changes in the next 6hrs. It can even be appendix but you are out of that age range. However its not impossible. So just chill and let me know in 6hrs
ham,at bruce b downs &amp; fletcher now
spam,UR awarded a City Break and could WIN a å£200 Summer Shopping spree every WK. Txt STORE to 88039 . SkilGme. TsCs087147403231Winawk!Age16 å£1.50perWKsub
ham,"As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there."
ham,Yup having my lunch buffet now.. U eat already?
ham,"What's up bruv, hope you had a great break. Do have a rewarding semester."
ham,"wiskey Brandy Rum Gin Beer Vodka Scotch Shampain Wine \KUDI\""yarasu dhina vaazhthukkal. .."""
ham,Talk With Yourself Atleast Once In A Day...!!! Otherwise You Will Miss Your Best FRIEND In This WORLD...!!! -Shakespeare- SHESIL  &lt;#&gt;
ham,"I'm in a meeting, call me later at"
ham,Stupid.its not possible
ham,Oh oh... Den muz change plan liao... Go back have to yan jiu again...
ham,I am late. I will be there at
ham,Ok... Sweet dreams...
ham,"Fyi I'm taking a quick shower, be at epsilon in like  &lt;#&gt;  min"
ham,I'll text you when I drop x off
ham,You stayin out of trouble stranger!!saw Dave the other day heåÕs sorted now!still with me bloke when u gona get a girl MR!ur mum still Thinks we will get 2GETHA! 
ham,I said its okay. Sorry
ham,R u sure they'll understand that! Wine * good idea just had a slurp!
ham,"Awesome, plan to get here any time after like  &lt;#&gt; , I'll text you details in a wee bit"
ham,"What will we do in the shower, baby?"
ham,Tiwary to rcb.battle between bang and kochi.
ham,Becoz its  &lt;#&gt;  jan whn al the post ofice is in holiday so she cn go fr the post ofice...got it duffer
ham,You're not sure that I'm not trying to make xavier smoke because I don't want to smoke after being told I smoke too much?
ham,Anything lor is she coming?
ham,No she didnt. I will search online and let you know.
ham,"You at mu? You should try to figure out how much money everyone has for gas and alcohol, jay and I are trying to figure out our weed budget"
ham,"Haha awesome, omw back now then"
spam,"You've won tkts to the EURO2004 CUP FINAL or å£800 CASH, to collect CALL 09058099801 b4190604, POBOX 7876150ppm"
ham,Alright i have a new goal now
ham,Company is very good.environment is terrific and food is really nice:)
ham,How u doin baby girl ?? hope u are okay every time I call ure phone is off! I miss u get in touch
ham,No. Thank you. You've been wonderful
ham,Really? I crashed out cuddled on my sofa.
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Jos ask if u wana meet up?
ham,Some are lasting as much as 2 hours. You might get lucky.
ham,I'll probably be by tomorrow (or even later tonight if something's going on)
ham,Hey mr whats the name of that bill brison book the one about language and words 
ham,"Did you say bold, then torch later. Or one torch and 2bold?"
ham,Jesus christ bitch I'm trying to give you drugs answer your fucking phone
ham,"I know you are thinkin malaria. But relax, children cant handle malaria. She would have been worse and its gastroenteritis. If she takes enough to replace her loss her temp will reduce. And if you give her malaria meds now she will just vomit. Its a self limiting illness she has which means in a few days it will completely stop"
spam,December only! Had your mobile 11mths+? You are entitled to update to the latest colour camera mobile for Free! Call The Mobile Update Co FREE on 08002986906
ham,"K will do, addie &amp; I are doing some art so I'll be here when you get home"
ham,"\Pete can you please ring meive hardly gotany credit\"""""
ham,Ok. I asked for money how far
ham,Still chance there. If you search hard you will get it..let have a try :)
ham,"Tyler (getting an 8th) has to leave not long after 9, can you get here in like an hour?"
ham,Yup i thk they r e teacher said that will make my face look longer. Darren ask me not 2 cut too short.
ham,Just haven't decided where yet eh ?
ham,"Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da."
ham,"7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st \Ur Lovely Friendship\""... good morning dear"""
ham,"Doing nothing, then u not having dinner w us?"
ham,I dont know why she.s not getting your messages
ham,If you were/are free i can give. Otherwise nalla adi entey nattil kittum
spam,"Bored of speed dating? Try SPEEDCHAT, txt SPEEDCHAT to 80155, if you don't like em txt SWAP and get a new chatter! Chat80155 POBox36504W45WQ 150p/msg rcd 16"
ham,Then cant get da laptop? My matric card wif Ì_ lei... 
ham,I think just yourself ‰Û_Thanks and see you tomo
ham,"Solve d Case : A Man Was Found Murdered On  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . &lt;#&gt;  AfterNoon. 1,His wife called Police. 2,Police questioned everyone. 3,Wife: Sir,I was sleeping, when the murder took place. 4.Cook: I was cooking. 5.Gardener: I was picking vegetables. 6.House-Maid: I went 2 d post office. 7.Children: We went 2 play. 8.Neighbour: We went 2 a marriage. Police arrested d murderer Immediately. Who's It? Reply With Reason, If U r Brilliant."
ham,K I'll take care of it
ham,Thanks a lot for your wishes on my birthday. Thanks you for making my birthday truly memorable.
ham,"As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there."
ham,I know a few people I can hit up and fuck to the yes
spam,"URGENT! Your Mobile No was awarded a å£2,000 Bonus Caller Prize on 1/08/03! This is our 2nd attempt to contact YOU! Call 0871-4719-523 BOX95QU BT National Rate"
ham,What time do u get out?
ham,Oh:)as usual vijay film or its different?
ham,Armand says get your ass over to epsilon
ham,Okie...
ham,Ok u can take me shopping when u get paid =D
ham,"K, wait chikku..il send aftr  &lt;#&gt; mins"
ham,Appt is at &lt;TIME&gt; am. Not my fault u don't listen. I told u twice
ham,"Fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose."
ham,"Princess, is your kitty shaved or natural?"
ham,"St andre, virgil's cream"
ham,They are just making it easy to pay back. I have  &lt;#&gt; yrs to say but i can pay back earlier. You get?
ham,I'm thinking that chennai forgot to come for auction..
ham,Only once then after ill obey all yours.
ham,Not planned yet :)going to join company on jan 5 only.don know what will happen after that.
ham,Hey i will be late... i'm at amk. Need to drink tea or coffee
ham,I attended but nothing is there.
ham,"Sorry, I'll call later"
ham,Then we gotta do it after that
ham,"Thank you so much. When we skyped wit kz and sura, we didnt get the pleasure of your company. Hope you are good. We've given you ultimatum oh! We are countin down to aburo. Enjoy!"
ham,If i not meeting Ì_ all rite then i'll go home lor. If Ì_ dun feel like comin it's ok.
ham,"Evening * v good if somewhat event laden. Will fill you in, don't you worry ‰Û_ Head * ok but throat * wrecked. See you at six then!"
ham,I like dis sweater fr mango but no more my size already so irritating.
ham,Me fine..absolutly fine
ham,Actually getting ready to leave the house.
ham,Ok
ham,I will lick up every drop :) are you ready to use your mouth as well?
ham,S:)but he had some luck.2 catches put down:)
ham,Well I wasn't available as I washob nobbing with last night so they had to ask Nickey Platt instead of me!;
ham,I REALLY NEED 2 KISS U I MISS U MY BABY FROM UR BABY 4EVA
ham,I would but I'm still cozy. And exhausted from last night.nobody went to school or work. Everything is closed.
ham,Aiyo please Ì_ got time meh.
spam,You have 1 new voicemail. Please call 08719181513.
spam,Hard LIVE 121 chat just 60p/min. Choose your girl and connect LIVE. Call 09094646899 now! Cheap Chat UK's biggest live service. VU BCM1896WC1N3XX
ham,I.ll give her once i have it. Plus she said grinule greet you whenever we speak
ham,Don't necessarily expect it to be done before you get back though because I'm just now headin out
ham,I sent you  &lt;#&gt;  bucks
ham,Think I could stop by in like an hour or so? My roommate's looking to stock up for a trip
ham,what I meant to say is cant wait to see u again getting bored of this bridgwater banter
ham,Delhi and chennai still silent.
spam,"Xmas & New Years Eve tickets are now on sale from the club, during the day from 10am till 8pm, and on Thurs, Fri & Sat night this week. They're selling fast!"
spam,"Had your contract mobile 11 Mnths? Latest Motorola, Nokia etc. all FREE! Double Mins & Text on Orange tariffs. TEXT YES for callback, no to remove from records"
ham,I got to video tape pple type in message lor. U so free wan 2 help me? Hee... Cos i noe u wan 2 watch infernal affairs so ask u along. Asking shuhui oso.
ham,K.:)do it at evening da:)urgent:)
ham,It is only yesterday true true.
ham,Then its most likely called Mittelschmertz. Google it. If you dont have paracetamol dont worry it will go.
ham,At the funeral home with Audrey and dad
ham,I've been trying to reach him without success
ham,I have to take exam with march 3
ham,S...from the training manual it show there is no tech process:)its all about password reset and troubleshooting:)
ham,Are you going to wipro interview today?
ham,No. She's currently in scotland for that.
ham,Good night my dear.. Sleepwell&amp;Take care
spam,"Someone U know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! Cant Guess who? CALL 09058097189 NOW all will be revealed. POBox 6, LS15HB 150p "
spam,"As a SIM subscriber, you are selected to receive a Bonus! Get it delivered to your door, Txt the word OK to No: 88600 to claim. 150p/msg, EXP. 30Apr"
ham,"Watching cartoon, listening music &amp; at eve had to go temple &amp; church.. What about u?"
ham,I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham,"Good stuff, will do."
spam,TheMob>Yo yo yo-Here comes a new selection of hot downloads for our members to get for FREE! Just click & open the next link sent to ur fone...
ham,That's ok. I popped in to ask bout something and she said you'd been in. Are you around tonght wen this girl comes?
ham,You know there is. I shall speak to you in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes then
ham,Can you please send me my aunty's number
ham,"I'm in a meeting, call me later at"
spam,"Spook up your mob with a Halloween collection of a logo & pic message plus a free eerie tone, txt CARD SPOOK to 8007 zed 08701417012150p per logo/pic"
ham,You have registered Sinco as Payee. Log in at icicibank.com and enter URN  &lt;#&gt;  to confirm. Beware of frauds. Do NOT share or disclose URN to anyone.
ham,My battery is low babe
ham,Where u been hiding stranger?
ham,Ok c Ì_ then.
ham,Dear we are going to our rubber place
spam,Sex up ur mobile with a FREE sexy pic of Jordan! Just text BABE to 88600. Then every wk get a sexy celeb! PocketBabe.co.uk 4 more pics. 16 å£3/wk 087016248
ham,Oh ok no prob..
ham,Customer place i will call you
ham,"Edison has rightly said, \A fool can ask more questions than a wise man can answer\"" Now you know why all of us are speechless during ViVa.. GM"
spam,A å£400 XMAS REWARD IS WAITING FOR YOU! Our computer has randomly picked you from our loyal mobile customers to receive a å£400 reward. Just call 09066380611
ham,That's one of the issues but california is okay. No snow so its manageable
ham,It took Mr owl 3 licks
ham,Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
ham,"Aight, we'll head out in a few"
ham,No. It's not pride. I'm almost  &lt;#&gt;  years old and shouldn't be takin money from my kid. You're not supposed to have to deal with this stuff. This is grownup stuff--why i don't tell you.
ham,"Good afternoon, my love ! Any job prospects ? Are you missing me ? What do you do ? Are you being lazy and bleak, hmmm ? Or happy and filled with my love ?"
ham,K fyi x has a ride early tomorrow morning but he's crashing at our place tonight
ham,I'm stuck in da middle of da row on da right hand side of da lt... 
ham,"Ya ok, vikky vl c witin  &lt;#&gt; mins and il reply u.."
ham,Yeah jay's sort of a fucking retard
ham,"Hmmm ... I thought we said 2 hours slave, not 3 ... You are late ... How should I punish you ?"
ham,No message..no responce..what happend?
ham,Hi di is yijue we're meeting at 7 pm at esaplanade tonight.
spam,Freemsg: 1-month unlimited free calls! Activate SmartCall Txt: CALL to No: 68866. Subscriptn3gbp/wk unlimited calls Help: 08448714184 Stop?txt stop landlineonly
ham,"Please protect yourself from e-threats. SIB never asks for sensitive information like Passwords,ATM/SMS PIN thru email. Never share your password with anybody."
spam,"44 7732584351, Do you want a New Nokia 3510i colour phone DeliveredTomorrow? With 300 free minutes to any mobile + 100 free texts + Free Camcorder reply or call 08000930705."
ham,I'm wif him now buying tix lar...
ham,LOL ... No just was busy
ham,Don know..wait i will check it.
ham,Dont know you bring some food
ham,Me fine..absolutly fine
ham,"sry can't talk on phone, with parents"
ham,U havenåÕt lost me ill always b here 4u.i didnåÕt intend 2 hurt u but I never knew how u felt about me when Iwas+marine&thatåÕs what itried2tell urmom.i careabout u
ham,"Call me when you/carlos is/are here, my phone's vibrate is acting up and I might not hear texts"
ham,"Haha I heard that, text me when you're around"
spam,You have won a Nokia 7250i. This is what you get when you win our FREE auction. To take part send Nokia to 86021 now. HG/Suite342/2Lands Row/W1JHL 16+
ham,Anyway i'm going shopping on my own now. Cos my sis not done yet. Dun disturb u liao.
ham,I've told you everything will stop. Just dont let her get dehydrated.
ham,Yeah but which is worse for i
ham,I'm in class. Will holla later
ham,Is ur lecture over?
